docs: update JTC docs for AICA Core v4.4.2 (#321)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/examples/guides/jtc-guide.md

### Using JTC's `Set trajectory` service

The service currently accepts 6 variables, namely:

- `times_from_start`: a list of timestamps (in seconds) measured from the start, indicating when JTC should reach each
frame.

> - `durations`: a list of absolute durations (in seconds) that correspond to each waypoint.

Reviewer: Some bullet points have full stops, some don't

- `frames`: names of the Cartesian frames to reach with the robot end effector 
- `joint_positions`: names of joint positions that the robot should achieve
- `blending_factors`: factors in [0.0, 1.0] indicating the amount of curving allowed between 2 consecutive waypoints.
The default blending factors are all set to 0.0. The last trajectory segment is not considered in blending, therefore,
the vector's size needs to be equal to the number of frames or joint positions **minus** 1 or simply contain a single
value to be applied to all waypoints that support blending.
- `blending_samples`: the number of samples **(minimum 10; default 50)** to be used when generating the blended
trajectory. If you find that your blended trajectory is not smooth enough, consider increasing this number.

> At least one of `times_from_start` or `durations` and one of `frames` and `joint_positions` are always required. 

Reviewer: One sentence in the direction of "the payload can only contain one of frames and joint positions and either times from start or durations" would be great

When `frames` are provided, an Inverse Kinematics (IK) solver will compute the joint positions that the robot should
reach. In the case of `joint_positions`, the recorded joint configurations are directly used in the joint trajectory. 

When using `times_from_start`, the length of `frames` or `joint_positions` need to be equal to the times provided and
each value corresponds to exactly one waypoint. Similarly, `durations` can have the same length as your waypoints vector,
or be expressed as a single-element vector whose value will be applied to all waypoints.

For example, you could use:

```yaml
{
  frames: [start, frame_1, frame_2, frame_3, start], 

>   durations: [2.0]

Reviewer: I think in the guide I would appreciate a durations vector that maybe has a few different numbers for each waypoint. just for completeness. the example further down then has one vector of size 1

> 

Reviewer: Accepts 6 variables line above

> - `times_from_start`: a list of timestamps (in seconds) measured from the start, indicating when JTC should reach each
> frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `times_from_start`: a list of timestamps (in seconds) measured from the start, indicating when JTC should reach each
waypoint (mutually exclusive with `durations`).
```

- `durations`: a list of absolute durations (in seconds) that correspond to each waypoint (mutually exclusive with 
`times_from_start`).

> - `frames`: names of the Cartesian frames to reach with the robot end effector 

Reviewer: frames and joint positions are also technically mutually exclusive. I don't know how readable the expression "mutually exclusive" is, maybe we drop the mutually exclusive stuff and elaborate a bit more precisely in line 214?

- `joint_positions`: names of joint positions that the robot should achieve
- `blending_factors`: factors in [0.0, 1.0] indicating the amount of curving allowed between 2 consecutive waypoints.
The default blending factors are all set to 0.0. The last trajectory segment is not considered in blending, therefore,
the vector's size needs to be equal to the number of frames or joint positions **minus** 1.
 
- `blending_samples`: the number of samples **(minimum 10; default 50)** to be used when generating the blended
trajectory. If you find that your blended trajectory is not smooth enough, consider increasing this number.

At least one of `times_from_start` or `durations` and one of `frames` and `joint_positions` are always required. 
When `frames` are provided, an Inverse Kinematics (IK) solver will compute the joint positions that the robot should
reach. In the case of `joint_positions`, the recorded joint configurations are directly used in the joint trajectory. 

> In both cases, the length of `times_from_start` or`durations` and `frames` or `joint_positions` need to be equal, such that every time

Reviewer: Not correct, it seems below that we expand durations

Author: ah, yes yes

- `times_from_start`: a list of timestamps (in seconds) measured from the start, indicating when JTC should reach each
frame.
- `durations`: [available starting AICA Core v4.4.2] a list of absolute durations for each waypoint
- `frames`: names of the Cartesian frames to reach with the robot end effector 
- `joint_positions`: names of joint positions that the robot should achieve
- `blending_factors`: factors in [0.0, 1.0] indicating the amount of curving allowed between 2 consecutive waypoints. The default blending factors are all set to 0.0.
  - **[AICA Core v4.4.1]** The first and last segment are currently not considered in blending, therefore, the vector's
size needs to be equal to the number of frames or joint positions **minus** 2.
  - **[AICA Core v4.4.2+]** Only the last segment is not considered in blending, therefore, the vector's
size needs to be equal to the number of frames or joint positions **minus** 1.
 
- `blending_samples`: the number of samples **(minimum 10; default 50)** to be used when generating the blended
trajectory. If you find that your blended trajectory is not smooth enough, consider increasing this number.

> While `times_from_start` (or in newer releases `durations`) is always required, only one of `frames` and 

Author: let me know how you feel when you read this. It's explained above, but I think it still reads almost as if we replaced `times_from_start`
